Fix/large fw nrf54l15 (#488)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

## 4.4.3 - UNRELESED

> ### Fixed
> 
> -   Issue with flashing firmware on nRF54L15 larger than 1 MB firmware.
> -   Disable unsupported firmware read for nRF54L Family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

-   Disabled unsupported firmware read for nRF54L Series.

### Fixed

-   Issue with programming firmware on nRF54L15 when it is larger than 1 MB.
```

> ## 4.4.3 - UNRELESED

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4.5.0 - UNRELESED
```

> ## 4.5.0 - UNRELEASED

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4.5.0 - 2024-12-17
```
